I didn't expect you to be able to cure diseases
I don't even know how to thank you
How about I treat you to dinner?
The family doesn't speak two languages
Come out to eat here, how can there be a girl's treat?
Brother, why are you here?
a brother
I know you and Brother Chen have been at odds
But he didn't target you either.
Why are you targeting him now?
Su, you have a big heart
Staring at me a villain
Aren't you tired?
Are they both sick?
Obviously we came first
Let's follow them
I think you are following us.
Uncle, what's the matter with you?
Uncle please save my uncle
Save everyone
It's actually the uncle of the horror master of the Miao people
If I save this person
Must have the great help of these two
Please save my uncle
That girl is so pretty
But I dare not help him
Yes, there are too many liars now.
I'll come and see